docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
id: intro
slug: /
---

# Welcome to My ACMW-Jump Project

## About This Project

This documentation site is part of the ACM-W Junior Mentorship Program (JuMP), a 3-month initiative designed to help participants learn from experienced mentors, collaborate on exciting projects, and grow in their technical journey.

<!-- TODO: MENTEE - Add a brief description of the specific project you're working on -->

## My Role

<!-- TODO: MENTEE - Describe your role in the project and your responsibilities -->
As a mentor in the ACMW-Jump program, I'm responsible for guiding my team through security and monitoring challenges, helping them develop technical skills, and supporting their professional growth.

## Project Timeline

* **LEARN Phase**: 3rd February 2025 - 7th March 2025
* **BUILD Phase**: 7th March 2025 - 27th April 2025
* **FINAL Phase (Project Presentation)**: 27th April – 2nd May 2025

## Navigation

Explore this documentation site to learn more about my journey, projects, and technical explorations:

* [Documentation](/docs/documentation)
* [Blog Posts](/docs/blog-posts)

## Getting Started

<!-- TODO: MENTEE - Add instructions for visitors on how to navigate your documentation -->

Feel free to explore the documentation and blog sections to get insights into my learning journey and technical projects. Use the sidebar navigation to browse specific topics of interest.

Commit message:

All 5 Blogs(md files) along with images (used in all blogs)

docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
id: intro
slug: /
---

# Welcome to My ACMW-Jump Project

## About This Project

This documentation site is part of the ACM-W Junior Mentorship Program (JuMP), a 3-month initiative designed to help participants learn from experienced mentors, collaborate on exciting projects, and grow in their technical journey.

<!-- TODO: MENTEE - Add a brief description of the specific project you're working on -->
The project that we are working on is an advanced security monitoring system that uses AI(specifically LLM's) to generate realistic security data and detect potential threats. 

## My Role

<!-- TODO: MENTEE - Describe your role in the project and your responsibilities -->
As a mentee in the ACMW-Jump program, I have been assigned the role of the Security and Database Engineer. My focus will be on traditional security analysis and database handling. 

My responsibilities include :
- Creating rule-based detection systems using security patterns.
- Working with multiple data sources(MySQL, PostgreSQL).
- Examples :
   - Alert when 5+ failed logins occur in 1 minute.
   - Detect suspicious access at odd hours.
   - Identify multiple logins from different locations.

## Project Timeline

* **LEARN Phase**: 3rd February 2025 - 7th March 2025
* **BUILD Phase**: 7th March 2025 - 27th April 2025
* **FINAL Phase (Project Presentation)**: 27th April – 2nd May 2025

## Navigation

Explore this documentation site to learn more about my journey, projects, and technical explorations:

* [Documentation](/docs/documentation)
* [Blog Posts](/docs/blog-posts)

## Getting Started

<!-- TODO: MENTEE - Add instructions for visitors on how to navigate your documentation -->

Feel free to explore the documentation and blog sections to get insights into my learning journey and technical projects. Use the sidebar navigation to browse specific topics of interest.
